README.md, before:

# speednotes

Quick notes from the command line

## Overview

speednotes is a CRUD app for notes on the 
command line. It's designed to be simple and
quick. 

## Usage

### List notes

```bash
s
```

### Read a note 

(not yet implemented)

```bash
s notename 
```

### Create a note 

(not yet implemented)

```bash
s -n notename 
```

### Edit a note 

(not yet implemented)

```bash
s -e notename 
```

### Delte a note 

(not yet implemented)

```bash
s -d notename 
```

### View help 

(not yet implemented)

```bash
s -h
```

## Current Status


[x] Store files in `~/.speednotes/notes`

[x] Make `~/.speednotes/notes` if it doesn't exist

[x] List out all files if the `speednotes` command is
run with no arguments

[x] Sort direcotry listing of existing files

[x] Show a file if an argument with the same name
is passed (e.g. `s notename` displays 
`~/.speedfiles/notes/notename.txt`)

[x] Setup `-e notename` to open the file in 
the default editor

[x] Setup `-n notename` to make new files

[x] Setup `-d notename` to remove files

[x] Show a message if there are no notes in
the archive

[] Setup `-h` to display help

[] Autocomplete file names from in the arguments 

## Installation

This is currently in the "Works on my machine" 
phase. If you clone the repo down on mac and run 
the install with this it's got a good chance of 
adding it to your path so you can use it:


```
cargo install --path .
```

Commit message:

noting help is built in

README.md, after:

# speednotes

Quick notes from the command line

## Overview

speednotes is a CRUD app for notes on the 
command line. It's designed to be simple and
quick. 

## Usage

### List notes

```bash
s
```

### Read a note 

(not yet implemented)

```bash
s notename 
```

### Create a note 

(not yet implemented)

```bash
s -n notename 
```

### Edit a note 

(not yet implemented)

```bash
s -e notename 
```

### Delte a note 

(not yet implemented)

```bash
s -d notename 
```

### View help 

(not yet implemented)

```bash
s -h
```

## Current Status


[x] Store files in `~/.speednotes/notes`

[x] Make `~/.speednotes/notes` if it doesn't exist

[x] List out all files if the `speednotes` command is
run with no arguments

[x] Sort direcotry listing of existing files

[x] Show a file if an argument with the same name
is passed (e.g. `s notename` displays 
`~/.speedfiles/notes/notename.txt`)

[x] Setup `-e notename` to open the file in 
the default editor

[x] Setup `-n notename` to make new files

[x] Setup `-d notename` to remove files

[x] Show a message if there are no notes in
the archive

[x] Setup `-h` to display help (already built in)

[] Autocomplete file names from in the arguments 

[] Allow for spaces in file names

## Installation

This is currently in the "Works on my machine" 
phase. If you clone the repo down on mac and run 
the install with this it's got a good chance of 
adding it to your path so you can use it:


```
cargo install --path .
```
